README.md, before:

Kirby Minify
============

CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JSON, PHP, and XML compressor for [Kirby CMS](https://github.com/getkirby). This plugin has been
tested with Kirby 5 with responses in the form of regular pages, JSON, and XML.

_Just plug and play!_

Installation Methods
--------------------

> [!TIP]
>
> The `your-plugin-name\` is the name you want to use for the plugin. The recommended plugin name is `minify\`, but you
> may want to use a different name for certain purposes. For example, Kirby does not have a hook priority feature, so
> the order in which hooks are executed depends entirely on the name of the plugin folder. This plugin should ideally be
> executed at the very end, so it is a good idea to give it a folder name that allows it to be positioned at the very
> end of the plugin list.

### Download

Download the plugin via the
[download link](https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify/archive/refs/tags/v1.0.0.zip) and extract. Then put the
extracted folder into the `/site/plugins/` folder of your Kirby project. If the `plugins` folder does not exist yet,
create it first. The resulting folder structure should look like this:

~~~ txt
.\
└── site\
    └── plugins\
        └── your-plugin-name\
            ├── index.php
            └── …
~~~

### Git

If you use Git to version control your project, you can install plugins that are available from an online service like
GitHub as a Git sub-module:

~~~ sh
git submodule add https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify.git site/plugins/your-plugin-name
~~~

### Composer

This installation method works best if your project is managed via Composer as well. Then you can run the following
command from the root of your project:

~~~ sh
composer require taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify
~~~

License
-------

This library is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Please consider
[donating 💰](https://github.com/sponsors/taufik-nurrohman) if you benefit financially from this library.

Notes
-----

 - Bug reports and feature requests related to Kirby CMS can be submitted [here][bug/kirby-minify]. Bug reports related
   to compression (e.g. compression of inline CSS and JavaScript code causes them to break) can be submitted
   [here][bug/minify].
 - The `minify\` folder in this project contains the contents of the
   [taufik-nurrohman/minify](https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/minify) repository. Ideally, it should be set as a
   [Git sub-module](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules), however I decided to do a manual copy and
   paste of the files and folders to make it easier for users to install this plugin. Not everyone understands how to
   bring Git sub-modules into the project after doing a `git clone`. Git archive also won’t merge sub-modules
   automatically into the package.

 [bug/kirby-minify]: https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify/issues/new
 [bug/minify]: https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/minify/issues/new

Commit message:

Rename Plugin as Per-Spec

README.md, after:

Kirby Minify
============

CSS, HTML, JavaScript, JSON, PHP, and XML compressor for [Kirby CMS](https://github.com/getkirby). This plugin has been
tested with Kirby 5 with responses in the form of regular pages, JSON, and XML.

_Just plug and play!_

Installation Methods
--------------------

> [!TIP]
>
> The `your-plugin-name\` is the name you want to use for the plugin. The recommended plugin name is `minify\`, but you
> may want to use a different name for certain purposes. For example, Kirby does not have a hook priority feature, so
> the order in which hooks are executed depends entirely on the name of the plugin folder. This plugin should ideally be
> executed at the very end, so it is a good idea to give it a folder name that allows it to be positioned at the very
> end of the plugin list.

### Download

Download the plugin via the
[download link](https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify/archive/refs/tags/v1.0.0.zip) and extract. Then put the
extracted folder into the `/site/plugins/` folder of your Kirby project. If the `plugins\` folder does not exist yet,
create it first. The resulting folder structure should look like this:

~~~ txt
.\
└── site\
    └── plugins\
        └── your-plugin-name\
            ├── index.php
            └── …
~~~

### Git

If you use Git to version control your project, you can install plugins that are available from an online service like
GitHub as a Git sub-module:

~~~ sh
git submodule add https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify.git site/plugins/your-plugin-name
~~~

### Composer

This installation method works best if your project is managed via Composer as well. Then you can run the following
command from the root of your project:

~~~ sh
composer require taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify
~~~

License
-------

This library is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Please consider
[donating 💰](https://github.com/sponsors/taufik-nurrohman) if you benefit financially from this library.

Notes
-----

 - Bug reports and feature requests related to Kirby CMS can be submitted [here][bug/kirby-minify]. Bug reports related
   to compression (e.g. compression of inline CSS and JavaScript code causes them to break) can be submitted
   [here][bug/minify].
 - The `minify\` folder in this project contains the contents of the
   [taufik-nurrohman/minify](https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/minify) repository. Ideally, it should be set as a
   [Git sub-module](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules), however I decided to do a manual copy and
   paste of the files and folders to make it easier for users to install this plugin. Not everyone understands how to
   bring Git sub-modules into the project after doing a `git clone`. Git archive also won’t merge sub-modules
   automatically into the package.
 - Don’t confuse the internal plugin name with the GitHub repository name (and also the Composer package name), as
   explained in [plugin best practices](https://github.com/getkirby/getkirby.com/blob/e54f7c8b5bfe9e53415899e7939b09de03f206b9/content/docs/1_guide/17_plugins/7_best-practices/guide.txt#L94)
   and [custom plugin naming conventions](https://github.com/getkirby/getkirby.com/blob/e54f7c8b5bfe9e53415899e7939b09de03f206b9/content/docs/1_guide/17_plugins/1_custom-plugins/guide.txt#L55-L57).
   It is best to name the plugin without the `kirby-` prefix if you want the plugin to be listed properly in the
   [official plugin repository](https://getkirby.com/plugins) later.

 [bug/kirby-minify]: https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/kirby-minify/issues/new
 [bug/minify]: https://github.com/taufik-nurrohman/minify/issues/new
